You learned in this module how to use Visual Studio
to view the history of your code.
You learned how to view and compare commits,
how to browse the history of a file,
and how to use CodeLens to view the changes of your
code directly in the code editor.
Now we are done and the Wired Brain Coffee company can
use their coffee shop info tool.
Congratulations!
You finished this course.
You learned in this course how to use Visual Studio 2019
to create and clone a Git repository, to commit,
push, and pull changes, to work with branches and tags,
to create and review pull requests, and to view the history of your code.
I hope you enjoyed this course about Using Git for Source
Control in Visual Studio 2019 as much as I did,
and I hope it was worth your time.
My name is Thomas Claudius Huber. Thank you for watching this course.